hello I'll do a quick video on my
that I got I'm butt-naked I love it
unfortunately I can't show it on YouTube
because of the state of things these
days craziness but anyways here's my
house there's where I just have
breakfast I have my table here's my bed
up here I have like a lookout over there
there's all my water I have I'll show
you later but this is my bed I can fold
this out and it comes out to like there
or something like that so I got plenty
of room
sleepy sleepy time I can store my bags
with my clothes there behind the seat I
can have a mosquito net over that if I
want to keep that open for circulation
there's where I store all Mike's crap I
have it locked to my car with that cord
I also have Jutsu GPS is in my car
hidden in two separate places and I'm
gonna hide my battery so and I'll close
the pop-up every time I leave so
hopefully nobody else throw a rock in my
car and steal my stuff I've had really
bad luck we should get in stolen in my
life so there's my house right there I
got an awning there to stay out of the
rain when it rains so I can keep the
door open and look outside when it rains
and stay out of heat in the summertime
there's my mountain bike it's an old
bike titanium 23 pounds I do have a
backup bike it's a Cline aluminum when I
get money I'm thinking about putting
some shocks on those there's my road
bike everybody knows my road bike it's
still it's still functioning I have
eight of those and each one is five
gallons so I have 45 gallons of water
I have a shower that thing at the end of
the day I had a shower the other day at
nighttime it was a dark dark nighttime
shower but the water hitting me was a
warm because that thing heats up and he
changed the heat oh look where I am dude
amazing I just spent like my
third or fourth night I'm losing track
of everything because my well I'll go
back and I'll show but yeah I've got
mountains and if I walk a little bit
farther there's Mountain even bigger
than that just to the right of it and
look at these man love laughs
dude I'm in Utah okay Wow look at that
thing that thing wicked nasty
that's the Utah dude America dude
love America got some sand dunes
over there dude what the
yeah look what is that people I thought
I was the only one out here bastards
are they doing putting a pole in
the middle of the desert whatever
anyways they don't know I'm here the
best thing about not getting robbed the
best thing to do is to just be hidden
and I am hidden behind these treaties
more or less um so there's my house like
an awesome now I do have a solar panel
as you can see that sucker right there
which is definitely good enough to
charge my RV battery that's in there I
have my little stuff that I store my
stuff in there and
clothing in there and as far as gear I
do have all my bike touring gear in case
I want to like do a bike tour got my
front bag
those are my kerosene for my cooker have
my bike stand I even have a bike pump
there's my bag of Power Bars
for the race I normally don't use power
bows because they're expensive a bunch
of pairs of shoes Camelback backpack
water purifier for whenever I camp at a
river and then I can really be gone
forever they even have a wetsuit in case
I want to go swimming or if I want to
try a triathlon I've never done one yeah
so I have an inverter that's broken so
unfortunately I can't do my computer it
died the other day my inverter so
whenever I have the money hopefully
it'll be sooner than rather than later
get another inverter I can start using
the computer out here as long as I want
as much as I want and charging my mp3 is
there anything that's the cool part is
going to be able to use the computers
because I got to keep track of what I'm
doing day by day I just want to do it
you know for my calendar and I can't do
that or I'll forget to do it if I do it
with a piece of paper I guess I'll do it
but anyway that's my gear this is my
house where I'm gonna spend I'm gonna
live here for like I don't know oh yeah
I didn't explain my cooler I have a
cooler and I have a Tupperware of food a
couple months worth and my soy milk use
that in place of powdered milk I mean my
protein powder um yeah so legally here
you can stay for two weeks in one place
which means I guess technically I could
go over there and the other side that
fire pit oh yeah look at this
I mean sand sand it's like a sand dunes
dude and then I'll be and I could just
stay over there for 14 days then come
back here right but whatever um there's
plenty of places around the state in
this country where I can just now go in
a place to glue it like this and hang
out for like two weeks and mountain bike
and road bike and run and lift weights I
brought my thirty fives with me and
stretching
but most importantly most excitedly for
me hangout and my computer's and you
know work on my websites and like
that you know okay so that's my gear see
you know on the next video